#commands for importing information into coding
import turtle
turtle.shape("turtle")          # Cursor in the shape of the turtle    
turtle.color("green")           # Color of the turtle and trail
turtle.bgcolor("SandyBrown")    # Color of the ground
turtle.pensize(4)               # Size of the turtle trail

#commands for telling turtle where to go 
turtle.right(90)

for i in [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7]:
    turtle.forward(10)  # Tell turtle to move forward by 10 units
    turtle.left(22.5)   # Tell turtle to turn right by 22.5 degrees

turtle.forward(60)      # Tell turtle to move forward by 60 units
turtle.left(90)         # Tell turtle to turn left by 90 degrees
turtle.forward(40)      # Tell turtle to move forward by 40 units
turtle.right(180)       # Tell turtle to turn right by 180 degrees
turtle.forward(80)      # Tell turtle to move forward by 80 units
turtle.penup()          # Tell turtle to stop making a path
turtle.forward(60)      # Tell turtle to move forward by 60 units
turtle.right(90)        # Tell turtle to turn right by 90 degrees
turtle.forward(80)      # Tell turtle to move forward by 80 units
turtle.right(270)       # Tell turtle to turn right by 270 degrees
turtle.pendown()        # Tell turtle to restart path
turtle.left(130)        # Tell turtle to turn left by 130 degrees
turtle.forward(65)      # Tell turtle to move forward by 65 units
turtle.right(90)        # Tell turtle to turn right by 90 degrees
turtle.forward(50)      # Tell turtle to move forward by 50 units
turtle.left(180)        # Tell turtle to turn left by 180 degrees
turtle.forward(50)      # Tell turtle to move forward by 50 units
turtle.left(50)         # Tell turtle to turn left 50 degrees
turtle.forward(50)      # Tell turtle to move forward by 40 units
turtle.right(180)       # Tell turtle to turn right by 180 degrees
turtle.forward(85)      # Tell turtle to move forward by 80 units
turtle.left(90)         # Tell turtle to turn left by 90 degrees
for i in [0,1,2]:
    turtle.right(360)   # Tell turtle to turn to the right 360 degrees
# end commands
turtle.exitonclick()    # Wait for user to close window
